OKTA-343973: Add LDAP_INTERFACE AuthType to policy api documentation (#1648)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/policy/index.md

Specifies an authentication entry point

| Parameter | Description                              | Data Type                             | Required | Default |
| --------- | ---------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- | -------- | ------- |

> | authType  | This tells how the user is authenticated | `ANY` or `RADIUS` or `LDAP_INTERFACE` | No       |  `ANY`  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `authType`  | Specifies how the user is authenticated | `ANY` or `RADIUS` or `LDAP_INTERFACE` | No       |  `ANY`  |
```

> `LDAP_INTERFACE` is an <ApiLifecycle access="ea" /> release.

Reviewer 2: I think this statement is confusing. `LDAP_INTERFACE` is not a release. My suggestion:
Note: The `LDAP_INTERFACE` data type option is an <ApiLifecycle access="ea" /> feature.

also nit: I think it'd be cleaner to put the statement in a note block, something like this:
![Screen Shot 2020-12-08 at 11 57 04 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12566503/101534859-9aa90d00-394c-11eb-8e6f-328f8edaa19d.png)

Specifies an authentication entry point

| Parameter | Description | Data Type                             | Required | Default |
| --------- | ----------- | ------------------------------------- | -------- | ------- |

> | authType  |             | `ANY` or `RADIUS` or `LDAP_INTERFACE` | No       |         |

Reviewer 2: FYI we usually add `<ApiLifecycle access="ea" />` to annotate a specific feature's current lifecycle. For example - https://github.com/okta/okta-developer-docs/pull/1459/files#diff-c46ef0d1a519db411ccedeacea1fe583589f59a754380a2aa2de208c1d103dc6R747, which looks like this:
![Screen Shot 2020-11-24 at 4 33 08 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12566503/100166983-cd460680-2e72-11eb-9b52-647e9d0627d0.png)

Author: Thanks for telling me this! I added the annotation. Please take a look and see whether it is correct.
